Articles

The 3 articles in English are a, an and the. The learner has to decide noun-by-noun which one of the articles to use*. 
In fact, there are 4 choices to make, because sometimes no article is necessary. Native-speakers, of course, use the articles 
correctly without thinking in everyday spoken language. English learners, on the other hand, need to have some guidelines for
making the right choice - particularly those learners whose own language does not have articles, such as Japanese or Korean. 
The guidelines that follow here should help ESL students to a basic understanding of English article use.

The most important first step in choosing the correct article is to categorize the noun as count or uncount in its context**:

- A count noun is a noun that can have a number in front of it: 1 teacher, 3 books, 76 trombones, 1,000,000 people.

- An uncount noun is a noun that cannot have a number put in front of it: 1 water, 2 lucks, 10 airs, 21 oils, 39 informations. 
Once you have correctly categorized the noun (using your dictionary if necessary), the following "rules" apply:

Uncount nouns

You cannot say a/an with an uncount noun.
You cannot put a number in front of an uncount noun. (You cannot make an uncount noun plural.)
You use an uncount noun with no article if you mean that thing in general.
You use the with an uncount noun when you are talking about a particular example of that thing.
Count nouns

You can put a number in front of a count noun. (You can make a count noun plural.)
You can put both a/an and the in front of a count noun.
You must put an article in front of a singular count noun.
You use a plural count noun with no article if you mean all or any of that thing.
You usually use a/an with a count noun the first time you say or write that noun.
You use the with count nouns:
the second and subsequent times you use the noun in a piece of speech or writing
when the listener knows what you are referring to (maybe because there is only one of that thing)
You use an (not a) when the next word (adverb, adjective, noun) starts with a vowel sound.